Q1: Merge Sort

Q2: Quick Sort

Q3: Combination Sum
Given an array of distinct integers candidates and a target integer target,
return a list of all unique combinations of candidates where the chosen numbers sum to target.
 You may return the combinations in any order.

The same number may be chosen from candidates an unlimited number of times.
Two combinations are unique if the frequency of at least one of the chosen numbers is different.


Q4: Combination Sum 2
Given a collection of candidate numbers (candidates) and a target number (target),
find all unique combinations in candidates where the candidate numbers sum to target.
Each number in candidates may only be used once in the combination.

Note: The solution set must not contain duplicate combinations.

Q5: Subset Sums
Given a array arr of integers, return the sums of all subsets in the list.
Return the sums in increasing order.

Q6: Subset Sum 2 || 90 Subsets 2

Given an integer array nums that may contain duplicates, return all possible subsets (the power set).

The solution set must not contain duplicate subsets. Return the solution in any order.


Q7: Print all permutations of a string/array || 46 Permutations
Given an array nums of distinct integers, return all the possible permutations.
You can return the answer in any order.


Q8: N Queens
The n-queens puzzle is the problem of placing n queens on an n x n chessboard such that no two queens attack each other.

Given an integer n, return all distinct solutions to the n-queens puzzle. You may return the answer in any order.

Each solution contains a distinct board configuration of the n-queens' placement,
where 'Q' and '.' both indicate a queen and an empty space, respectively.

Q9: Sudoku Solver

Write a program to solve a Sudoku puzzle by filling the empty cells.

A sudoku solution must satisfy all of the following rules:

Each of the digits 1-9 must occur exactly once in each row.
Each of the digits 1-9 must occur exactly once in each column.
Each of the digits 1-9 must occur exactly once in each of the 9 3x3 sub-boxes of the grid.
The '.' character indicates empty cells.


Q10: Palindrome Partitioning

Given a string s, partition s such that every substring of the partition is a palindrome.
Return all possible palindrome partitioning of s.

Q11: Rat in a Maze
Given a grid of dimensions n x n. A rat is placed at coordinates (0, 0) and wants to reach at coordinates (n-1, n-1).

Find all possible paths that rat can take to travel from (0, 0) to (n-1, n-1).
The directions in which rat can move are 'U' (up) , 'D' (down) , 'L' (left) , 'R' (right).

The value 0 in grid denotes that the cell is blocked and rat cannot use that cell for travelling,
whereas value 1 represents that rat can travel through the cell.
If the cell (0, 0) has 0 value, then mouse cannot move to any other cell.


Q12: Kth Permutation  / 60. Permutation Sequence
The set [1, 2, 3, ..., n] contains a total of n! unique permutations.

By listing and labeling all of the permutations in order, we get the following sequence for n = 3:

"123"
"132"
"213"
"231"
"312"
"321"
Given n and k, return the kth permutation sequence.

Q: Count Good Numbers  / 1922. Count Good Numbers

A digit string is good if the digits (0-indexed) at even indices are even and the digits at odd indices are prime (2, 3, 5, or 7).

For example, "2582" is good because the digits (2 and 8) at even positions are even and the digits (5 and 2) at odd positions are prime.
However, "3245" is not good because 3 is at an even index but is not even.
Given an integer n, return the total number of good digit strings of length n.
Since the answer may be large, return it modulo 109 + 7.

A digit string is a string consisting of digits 0 through 9 that may contain leading zeros.


Q: Combination Sum 3
Find all valid combinations of k numbers that sum up to n such that the following conditions are true:

Only numbers 1 through 9 are used.
Each number is used at most once.
Return a list of all possible valid combinations. The list must not contain the same combination twice,
and the combinations may be returned in any order.